README.md, before:

# BuffKit
Guns of Icarus modding toolkit/moderation mod.

## Building and installing
Dr. Pit Lazarus is using Visual Studio 2022 as his IDE. 
Any code editor should work if you can use build configs `Release to GameDir` and `Release to .zip`.

Clone the repo and open up the BuffKit solution.

Edit `./Binaries/spanner_config.toml` and `./BuffKit/GamePath.txt` to your game folder. 
Example `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Guns of Icarus Online`.

`./Binaries/Spanner.exe` is the tool that will copy the game assemblies to `./Assemblies/`. 
It will deprivatize classes and methods so you can use them without needing to use reflection. 
Run it with terminal or run it normally and check the `spanner_log.txt` for errors. 
You need .NET 8 runtime to run it. 
You should only need to run it once, unless you make changes to the spanner config.

To build BuffKit, use these build configs: 

`Release to GameDir`: Reads `./BuffKit/GamePath.txt` and copies it over.

`Release to .zip`: Outputs `./BuffKit/bin/BuffKit_SCS_$(Version).zip`.

All build configs will stage the mod directory in `./BuffKit/bin/temp/`. 
It will download BepInEx core files, and copy BuffKit.dll and assets. 
See `./BuffKit/BuffKit.csproj` for the exact steps.

**The BuffKit must grow.**

## Spanner building
Nothing much here. Open the Spanner solution and use publish to build the single file Spanner.exe. 
Put the new .exe in `./Binaries/`.

Commit message:

BuffKit: Update README.md Add Install Instructions and Description

README.md, after:

# BuffKit
The main Guns of Icarus mod.

A collection of game modifications that feature:
- Moderation/referee tools
- Quality of Life enhancements and bug fixes
- Misc. features

Created by Trgk and Ightrril. Dr. Pit Lazarus is the current developer.

### Install Options
1. [BuffKit Mod Installer for Windows](BuffKitModInstaller/#readme)
2. Manual install from .zip file.
    1. Visit latest [release page](https://github.com/DrPitLazarus/buffkit/releases/latest) and download .zip file.
    2. Open downloaded .zip file.
    3. Open your `Guns of Icarus Online` folder.
    4. Drag and drop .zip contents to your game folder, overwrite if prompted.
    5. **Additional steps for Linux**: Use Proton and add to your launch options: `WINEDLLOVERRIDES="version=n,b" %command%`.

## Features
Popular features include:
- Loadout Viewer: see ship and player loadouts all at once.
- Auto accept loadout recommendations and sort by preference.
- Skipping the Launcher and Intro movie.
- Better gun info tooltips and ship stat panels.

A complete description of all features will be added soon.

# Developer Notes
## Building and installing
Dr. Pit Lazarus is using Visual Studio 2022 as his IDE. 
Any code editor should work if you can use build configs `Release to GameDir` and `Release to .zip`.

Clone the repo and open up the BuffKit solution.

Edit `./Binaries/spanner_config.toml` and `./BuffKit/GamePath.txt` to your game folder. 
Example `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Guns of Icarus Online`.

`./Binaries/Spanner.exe` is the tool that will copy the game assemblies to `./Assemblies/`. 
It will deprivatize classes and methods so you can use them without needing to use reflection. 
Run it with terminal or run it normally and check the `spanner_log.txt` for errors. 
You need .NET 8 runtime to run it. 
You should only need to run it once, unless you make changes to the spanner config.

To build BuffKit, use these build configs: 

`Release to GameDir`: Reads `./BuffKit/GamePath.txt` and copies it over.

`Release to .zip`: Outputs `./BuffKit/bin/BuffKit_SCS_$(Version).zip`.

All build configs will stage the mod directory in `./BuffKit/bin/temp/`. 
It will download BepInEx core files, and copy BuffKit.dll and assets. 
See `./BuffKit/BuffKit.csproj` for the exact steps.

**The BuffKit must grow.**

## Spanner building
Nothing much here. Open the Spanner solution and use publish to build the single file Spanner.exe. 
Put the new .exe in `./Binaries/`.
