BuffKitModInstaller/README.md, before:

# BuffKit Mod Installer
Windows program to install, update, or uninstall BuffKit.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a1b14a1-bb82-4a95-b9bf-3e50b9a5cb26)

### Features
- Install Latest Version
  - One click install. Easy!
- Install Other Version...
  - Opens a window where you can choose the mod version to install. You can also open the selected version's GitHub release page.
- Uninstall and Keep Settings
  - One click uninstall. Removes only the mod file.
- Clean Uninstall...
  - Opens a confirm window. Completely deletes the mod directory. This will remove mod settings as well.
- Other Features:
  - You can click on the Game and Mod Directory paths to open in File Explorer, if valid.
  - Link to the BuffKit GitHub repo is available in the footer.
  - Installer Update Checker: If a new version of the installer is available, a window will let you know. You can accept it and it will open the GitHub release page or you can ignore it.
  - Game Directory Check: If your game directory isn't in the default install on C:, you will be prompted to select it.
  - Game must not be running for actions to be successful. Status message will inform you.

### More Screenshots
Install other version window  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bda45b21-ee4b-4995-9e6c-e0cb62516f07)  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/25c97d4e-6b33-4aec-bf77-fffd9f555803)

Clean uninstall confirm window  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b4b9ed5-80b4-42cb-a408-0b13ef1bfcd5)

Installer update available window  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad3ae26a-c468-4fd2-b337-e409b08894d0)

Game directory invalid window  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8d645a8f-a4cb-47a5-84c7-0e6577f388b5)

Not installed status  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76dad01c-953e-4495-9591-57bb21edc4e7)

Update available status  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e579f6f2-0305-4dc2-bbe2-bb5ff24f8655)

Commit message:

Installer: Update README.md Add Release Page for SCS 547

BuffKitModInstaller/README.md, after:

# BuffKit Mod Installer
Windows program to install, update, or uninstall BuffKit.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a1b14a1-bb82-4a95-b9bf-3e50b9a5cb26)

### Download
Visit the [release page](https://github.com/DrPitLazarus/buffkit/releases/tag/Installer-SCS547). Current version is SCS 547.

### Features
- Install Latest Version
  - One click install. Easy!
- Install Other Version...
  - Opens a window where you can choose the mod version to install. You can also open the selected version's GitHub release page.
- Uninstall and Keep Settings
  - One click uninstall. Removes only the mod file.
- Clean Uninstall...
  - Opens a confirm window. Completely deletes the mod directory. This will remove mod settings as well.
- Other Features:
  - You can click on the Game and Mod Directory paths to open in File Explorer, if valid.
  - Link to the BuffKit GitHub repo is available in the footer.
  - Installer Update Checker: If a new version of the installer is available, a window will let you know. You can accept it and it will open the GitHub release page or you can ignore it.
  - Game Directory Check: If your game directory isn't in the default install on C:, you will be prompted to select it.
  - Game must not be running for actions to be successful. Status message will inform you.

### Screenshots
Install other version window  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bda45b21-ee4b-4995-9e6c-e0cb62516f07)  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/25c97d4e-6b33-4aec-bf77-fffd9f555803)

Clean uninstall confirm window  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b4b9ed5-80b4-42cb-a408-0b13ef1bfcd5)

Installer update available window  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad3ae26a-c468-4fd2-b337-e409b08894d0)

Game directory invalid window  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8d645a8f-a4cb-47a5-84c7-0e6577f388b5)

Not installed status  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76dad01c-953e-4495-9591-57bb21edc4e7)

Update available status  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e579f6f2-0305-4dc2-bbe2-bb5ff24f8655)
